## 

### 1B. Share with the class {#1b-share-with-the-class}

In the forums, introduce yourself to the group. Include the description of your experience with connected learning, the list of things you know, and the list of things you want to learn that you created in activity 1A.

###  {#-0}

### 1C. Reflection: Learn to DJ lab {#1c-reflection-learn-to-dj-lab}

Think back to the opportunity-oriented Learn to DJ program.

*   *   What is the immediate opportunity for the teen participants?
    *   What are the longer-term opportunities that the teens may have because of their participation in this program?
    *   How would you help a teen translate their experience with this program into bullet points for a resume?

###  {#-1}

### 1D. Reflection: Interest-driven learning {#1d-reflection-interest-driven-learning}

Reflect on what Constance Steinkuehler said about interest-driven learning. Think back to a time in your youth when an adult tried to get you to learn something you weren’t interested in. Then think of a time you were very interested in learning about something. How did those experiences differ? Share your experience with the group. Here are a few questions to get you started:

*   *   How much time did you spend learning about the topics?
    *   Do you still remember anything about the topics?
    *   How engaged were you with the topics—did you ask questions or do your own research?
    *   How did the adult (if any) in the situation interact with you?

###  {#-2}